add PostgreSQL engine and table function documentation (#21078)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/table-functions/postgresql.md

INSERT Queries on PostgreSQL side run as `COPY "table_name" (field1, field2, ... fieldN) FROM STDIN` inside PostgreSQL transaction with auto-commit after each `INSERT` statement.

PostgreSQL Array types converts into ClickHouse arrays.

> Be careful in PostgreSQL an array data type column like Integer[] may contain arrays of different dimensions in different rows, but in ClickHouse only allows multidimensional arrays of the same dimension in all rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful in PostgreSQL an array data type column like Integer[] may contain arrays of different dimensions in different rows, but in ClickHouse it is only allowed to have multidimensional arrays of the same dimension in all rows.
```
